Graduation blog post (#209)
kubeflow/blog: _posts/2026-08-18-graduation.md

---
toc: true
layout: post
comments: true
title: "Kubeflow Has Graduated from CNCF"
description: "Kubeflow is a CNCF Graduated Project"
hide: false
categories: []
permalink: /graduation/
author: ""
---

## Kubeflow Has Graduated from CNCF

Kubeflow just reached one of the biggest milestones a cloud native project can hit! Graduation from the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF).

## What This Means

> CNCF graduation isn't just a badge, it's confirmation that a project is mature, widely adopted, and production-ready. For Kubeflow, it recognizes the project's role as the Kubernetes-native backbone for running AI and ML workloads at scale: from data processing and interactive development to distributed training, fine-tuning, inference, and model serving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CNCF graduation is not just a badge, it is confirmation that a project is mature, widely adopted, and production-ready. For Kubeflow, it recognizes the project's role as the Kubernetes-native backbone for running AI and ML workloads at scale: from data processing and interactive development to distributed training, fine-tuning, inference, and model serving.
```

## By the Numbers

Since joining CNCF as an incubating project in 2023, Kubeflow has grown into a genuinely massive community effort:

> 6,600+ contributors across 1,000+ organizations

Reviewer 2: This is coming as para, @tarekabouzeid can we please have these stats as list?

<img width="1055" height="330" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b62c6ff2-c216-4c60-aa2c-0ca615c25f35" />

33,000+ GitHub stars across its repositories
Nearly 260 million PyPI downloads of its Python packages
Adopted by major enterprises from different industries

To get here, the project also completed a third-party security audit, formalized its steering committee, and adopted the CNCF Code of Conduct. The kind of unglamorous work that makes "production-ready" more than a marketing line.

## Why It Matters

As more enterprises move AI workloads from experimentation into production, they need infrastructure that's scalable, portable, and vendor-neutral, not locked into a single cloud or platform. Kubeflow gives teams that foundation on Kubernetes, letting data scientists, ML engineers, and platform teams work from the same standardized base instead of stitching together one-off tooling.

> ## A Community Effort

Reviewer 2: Can we also add the companies/team which are using Kubeflow here, 

Also can we link few of KubeCon talks here ?
